so the average person now under the
system of capitalism uh has a living
standard which exceeds that of an 18th
century Monarch uh and therefore hence
why I say to you that capitalism is a
Force for good my friends what we need
is to understand what is happening
economically
increasingly the average person in this
country struggles to
simultaneously feed their kids and turn
the heating on which I don't know
whether that was a problem for an 18th
century monac or not watch my videos
from 2020 where I predicted an explosion
in inflation an explosion in equality a
collapse in living standards the reason
those predictions were good is because
it's the same reason I've got a track
record of making correct economic
predictions for 15 years because I'm
good at this and I could go I could go
and I could get paid 22 million a year
working for any Investment Bank in
Canary WARF in the city and I cannot
give that information to the government
for
if that is the economic system that you
build you cannot be surprised when all
of the economists are wrong about
everything all of the good Traders know
inequality is destroying the economy and
they don't say anything because they get
paid millions of pounds a year notzi